Powdered's Patching Guide
Information

You will need

    A brain

    x32dbg (x64dbg will not work, but the installer thing that includes x32dbg will)

    HxD or any hex editor you know (i choose HxD because simplicity)

    A 10-letter domain name and website. You can patch clients with longer domain names, but that's complicated and the method i used will NOT work with longer domain names or shorter.

    RBXSigTools (If you know who made this or you made this, comment it and i will credit)

PC:

This guide is very insecure if you don't use roblox player beta, and probably if you do. I am not responsible for any exploitings of your revival if you skid this guide

    Open your EXE in HxD (drag and drop it in)

    Press CTRL + R to open replace

    Enter roblox.com in search, and in replace enter your domain name (Must be 10 letters!)

    Press Replace all and close the replace prompt. Save the file as HxD likes crashing but leave HXD open.

    Extract RBXSigTools and open KeyGenerator.exe. After it's done, open PublicKeyBlob.txt and copy it's contents(keep the files it's generated for later, you will need them)

    Press CTRL + F to find

    Enter BGIAA and click Search

    In the hex editor bit, replace the entire BGIAA thing with your own Public Key

    Save and close, and then you are done with HxD. Open your executable in x32dbg (drag and drop!)

    Go to symbols, and doubleclick RobloxPlayerBeta.exe in there.

    Click on the [Az] icon in top right corner. You are now in the refrences window.

    Search Invalid Request.

    Doubleclick on every one in order.

    On every single one, there is either a JNE or a JE above the thing to directed you to.

    Click on it once, and press space. Replace jne or je with jmp.

    press ok, and repeat until all are done (Go back to the references tab)

    Search blocking %s

    Double click on it.

    Scroll up a bit, above a few jbs there is a je. Press space on the je and change it to jmp and press ok

    After you are done, press patch and save it as [TYPE OF CLIENT, eg studio, oldstudioplayer, betaplayer]-PATCHED.exe as you cannot overwrite exes for some reason. just go to explorer and delete old exes and rename new ones.

    You are done! Enjoy your 2012 PC Client. Though, there is more steps after this for web, and a optional mobile client if you want

Web:

    You should have a web host set up with your domain name by now. If you don't know how you probably shouldn't be doing this guide.

    Make a folder to put your private keys in, preferrably configured to be non accessible by browser but only php scripts

    Put the files RBXSigTools generated in the folder

    Make a /game/ folder

    make a file called studio.ashx.php (this only works if your host has short php filenames enabled, if they dont, just google how to enable it or something idk i selfhost php)

    In the contents, just copy and paste this except replace berafta.tk with your urls, and /Path/To/Your/Keys/ with your actual key path (You can tell i'm getting lazy)

    Make a file called aqquireamembertoserver.php or whatever (jion is blocked in this subreddit)

    joinscript i made (you can make your own theres a bunch of joinscripts on github or something) (you also need to replace berafta.tk)

    Go to the root directory and make a folder called asset

    basic no database asset script i made (i made this in 2021 when i sucked dont criticise, you should make your own)

    for coregui, i am not giving a guide as i do not know how to get it to work. if you do, comment a solution.

    ok thats my lazy ahh web guide im tired from making the first one and also i woke up at 3am

Mobile:

    Install roblox mobile on your phone (2.4.1 is recommended as there is 13th december studio, player and playerbeta clients archive)

    Open 3utools or whatever

    Go to files section

    Go to User applications

    Wait for app titles to load

    Click on roblox

    Click on roblox.app

    Find info.plist

    Open it and replace roblox.com and m.roblox.com with your domain name (3utools has a built in plist editor, also plist is basically xml except if u open it in normal editor it is encrypted)

    Find robloxmobile with no file name

    Export it to whatever

    open it in HxD

    Replace roblox.com with your domain

    Save and close it as roblox mobile until like 2016 didnt have public keys or anything

    Drag it back into 3utools

    You have patched mobile, but now for web part of it to make it actually work

    for /mobileapi/login, heres what it responds with (make a actual php login script)

    for /games/list its html. if you want to launch a game from it or a page it links to, create a href to /games/start?placeid=1 (its not a actual url on server and it doesnt need to be)

    /games/start launches client and attempts to get info from /game/PlaceLauncher.ashx

    /game/PlaceLauncher.ashx returns this.

    you are done pretty much atleast for games

if theres anything i missed comment it i am very tired i should sleep
